# mozilla-revived
I would like mozilla to come up with an app like pirate bay, an app like facebook, an app that's adfree YouTube and finally a mozilla donation program that's simple, caters to the lowest possible donation, that being a penny, something so small it's negligible, insignificant.  the program would run on a donation platform that would accept credit cards or debit cards for donations in an automatic payment direct deposit, why this is done is to make all the guess work taken out of donating to mozilla. The reason I feel the donations should be a penny is because if you had 500000 mozilla subscribers that's 500000 pennies and say they donate a penny for five years, that's 2500000 pennies.  This would allow mozilla to make it's VPN service free.  I mean, who can't afford a penny?  This would also allow mozilla to develop it's own phablet.  I imagine companies like HTC or ZTE vwould be into developing it, a Google free phablet.    my idea of the perfect phablet would be a 7" phablet, if anyone out there that's noticed, there are no 7" phablet.  6", or 8",9" but the market's dry when it comes to seven inch phablet.  why 7"? because it's small enough to put in your jacket coat pocket yet large enough to watch movies on.  m ideal phablet would be stylus pen ready to draw on, have a removable battery so it's not disposable technology, have 4,5 USB type c outlets so you can h9k it up to multiple hard drives,  be nfc ready and bluetooth ready so you can scan your barcode at the checkout line
